I graduated with a degree in Accounting from the University of Oregon in December of 2013. In 2014, I started the CS program at OSU, got a job at the Oregon Public Utility Commission, got married, bought a house with my husband, and got a dog. Currently, I'm having a blissfully uneventful year so far and enjoying my study of CS (which is perhaps more difficult but a thousand times more interesting than accounting). 

When I'm free from the gray, windowless box in which I stare at Excel spreadsheets all day, I enjoy reading, playing video games, and playing with my pets. I have a dog named Mochi and a cat named Penelope. They are both nice pets, but the dog has a bad habit of eating various household objects, which is unfortunate.

Programming Background
I didn't have any experience with programming prior to starting the CS program at OSU. Just before starting the CS program, I did the JavaScript class on Codecademy, which was somewhat useful in terms of learning about delcaring variables, if statements, for- and while- loops, calling functions, etc. Other than that, everything from 161 onward has been brand new to me.

One of my favorite programming projects for class was probably the maze project (I can't quite remember if it was in 161 or 162). That was the first time I really started to understand and appreciate the use of pointers in programming. Plus, I made my maze X-Files-themed (the player's goal was to find and rescue Scully), which was fun because I love the X-Files.